update README for 1.2.0 (#145)
YusukeHosonuma/SwiftPrettyPrint: README.md

)
```

### Terminal

> SwiftPrettyPrint output log files to follows automaticully when running **iOS Simulator** or **macOS**.

Reviewer: I think we should correct the verb tense and typo. 

```suggestion
SwiftPrettyPrint outputs log files to the following files automatically when running **iOS Simulator** or **macOS**.
```

 - /tmp/SwiftPrettyPrint/output.log
 - /tmp/SwiftPrettyPrint/output-colored.log (ANSI colored)

> So you can read its from other tools such as `tail` or `grep` and others.

Reviewer: Isn't this what you're trying to say, is this?

```suggestion
So you can read them from other tools such as `tail` or `grep` and others.
```
